1/6/97
Samples of the Realistic/Moog Concertmate MG-1
http://www.cse.psu.edu/~hauger/MG-1
hauger@cse.psu.edu <Benjamin Hauger>

They're probably too noisy to be of much use musically, excepting, perhaps,
the drum-like samples. This is largely due to sampling from an electronically
noisy audio loop with my Awe32. I'm not sure if it's my playback client
(mpg123 v0.56k, Michael Hipp) or simply an artifact of mpeg encoding, but the
MPEG audio streams also have a lower output level than the corresponding
.WAVs (which were normalized prior to encoding). 

If you do decide you want to load these into your sampler or trakker, you'll
probably need to go through the bother of converting them from MPEG and then
setting loop points in the non-percussive samples. Assuming that nothing was
cropped by the MPEG encoding process, you should actually be able to line of
the last audio byte with the first one (or loop the entire file) without a
hitch. This loop will then provide an output stream that is very darned close
to the original that I sampled. (Good luck!)

About file naming: 
.mp3 denotes 44100hz mono MPEG1 Layer III audiostream files.
.mpg denotes 44100hz mono MPEG1 Layer II audiostream files.

Why use MPEG1 Layer II at all? (for the record, I used musicin, part of the
source distributed by IUMA, reconstituted by Charles Henrich, and originally
released by DEC(?)) My MPEG1-L3 encoder (l3enc v2.60, Fraunhofer IIS) choked
on some of the shorter samples. The obvious solution would be to resample, or
pad the samples with dead space. Actually, this is all pretty slipshod, and
I've a Grander Vision. 

I'll probably be adding a page featuring the MG-1, pulling in resources from
around the net, including MG-1 MODs (no, not modules =) ), patch and other
operating suggestions, and, of course, clear and musically useful samples in
both PCM .wav and MP3 format. It'll replace what's at the above URL. 

Until then, if you'd like any of the samples here in their original .wav
format, ask and I will be happy to either e-mail them to you or provide a URL
to a directory containing copies of them. If you'd like me to sample with the
MG-1 at a certain patch setting, I'd also be happy to comply as soon as
possible. 


--- Archive contains:

Bassdrum-short.wav.mp3
Bassdrum-short2.wav.mp3
Bassdrum-short3.wav.mp3

	Bass drum patches produced using the MG-1. (Playing these three
	in sequence makes a neat loop. =) )


Snare-D2.wav.mp3
Snare-c1.wav.mp3

	Snare drum patches produced using the MG-1 


Half-Cutoff-sqr-bass-C.wav.mp3
Half-Cutoff-triag-bass-C.wav.mp3

	Nice low bass. Loop.


no-Cutoff-triag-bass-C.wav.mp3
no-Cutoff-triag-bass-C2.wav.mp3
no-Cutoff-triag-bass-C3.wav.mp3
no-Cutoff-triag-bass-C4.wav.mpg
no-Cutoff-triag-bass-C5.wav.mpg

	Multisampled bass/lead. Filter wide open, no resonance. Loop.


saw-lead-cutres-f1.wav.mp3
saw-lead-cutres-c1.wav.mp3
saw-lead-cutres-Gb2.wav.mp3
saw-lead-cutres-c2.wav.mpg
saw-lead-cutres-Gb3.wav.mpg
saw-lead-cutres-c3.wav.mpg
saw-lead-cutres-Gb4.wav.mp3

	'Triag' would be more accurate than 'saw'. Something in the range
	of filter 2/3rds open, some resonance. Obviously multisampled. Loop.
